The beauty of the sunset was obscured by the industrial cranes.
The chic gangster liked to start the day with a pink scarf.
The balloons floated away along with all my hopes and dreams.
The newly planted trees were held up by wooden frames in hopes they could survive the next storm.
He was willing to find the depths of the rabbit hole in order to be with her.
Before he moved to the inner city, he had always believed that security complexes were psychological.
The child’s favorite Christmas gift was the large box her father’s lawnmower came in.
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.
The minute she landed she understood the reason this was a fly-over state.
When nobody is around, the trees gossip about the people who have walked under them.
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.
Every manager should be able to recite at least ten nursery rhymes backward.
The teens wondered what was kept in the red shed on the far edge of the school grounds.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
The river stole the gods.
You have no right to call yourself creative until you look at a trowel and think that it would make a great lockpick.
Nancy was proud that she ran a tight shipwreck.
100 years old is such a young age if you happen to be a bristlecone pine.
It's a skateboarding penguin with a sunhat!
As the years pass by, we all know owners look more and more like their dogs.
The Guinea fowl flies through the air with all the grace of a turtle.
Two more days and all his problems would be solved.
He decided to live his life by the big beats manifesto.
He learned the hardest lesson of his life and had the scars, both physical and mental, to prove it.
That is an appealing treasure map that I can't read.
Patricia found the meaning of life in a bowl of Cheerios.
This is a Japanese doll.
Mary realized if her calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than her computer browser history.
For the 216th time, he said he would quit drinking soda after this last Coke.
As she walked along the street and looked in the gutter, she realized facemasks had become the new cigarette butts.
The overpass went under the highway and into a secret world.
The virus had powers none of us knew existed.
If my calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than my browser history.
Had he known what was going to happen, he would have never stepped into the shower.
Eating eggs on Thursday for choir practice was recommended.
She insisted that cleaning out your closet was the key to good driving.
The blue parrot drove by the hitchhiking mongoose.
Random words in front of other random words create a random sentence.
The miniature pet elephant became the envy of the neighborhood.
Separation anxiety is what happens when you can't find your phone.
He had reached the point where he was paranoid about being paranoid.
He poured rocks in the dungeon of his mind.
He didn't understand why the bird wanted to ride the bicycle.
He was surprised that his immense laziness was inspirational to others.
We should play with legos at camp.
My biggest joy is roasting almonds while stalking prey.
I don’t respect anybody who can’t tell the difference between Pepsi and Coke.
She used her own hair in the soup to give it more flavor.
Excitement replaced fear until the final moment.
You've been eyeing me all day and waiting for your move like a lion stalking a gazelle in a savannah.
It's not often you find a soggy banana on the street.
He was sitting in a trash can with high street class.
We have young kids who often walk into our room at night for various reasons including clowns in the closet.
I became paranoid that the school of jellyfish was spying on me.
Please wait outside of the house.
It's difficult to understand the lengths he'd go to remain short.
She moved forward only because she trusted that the ending she now was going through must be followed by a new beginning.
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.
He was the type of guy who liked Christmas lights on his house in the middle of July.
The tour bus was packed with teenage girls heading toward their next adventure.
Peanuts don't grow on trees, but cashews do.
They say that dogs are man's best friend, but this cat was setting out to sabotage that theory.
She felt that chill that makes the hairs on the back of your neck when he walked into the room.
Everyone was curious about the large white blimp that appeared overnight.
Watching the geriatric men’s softball team brought back memories of 3 yr olds playing t-ball.
They improved dramatically once the lead singer left.
She found his complete dullness interesting.
Little Red Riding Hood decided to wear orange today.
Boulders lined the side of the road foretelling what could come next.
Facing his greatest fear, he ate his first marshmallow.
Dan ate the clouds like cotton candy.
There's no reason a hula hoop can't also be a circus ring.
Having no hair made him look even hairier.
He decided to count all the sand on the beach as a hobby.
Potato wedges probably are not best for relationships.
Nothing seemed out of place except the washing machine in the bar.
The shark-infested South Pine channel was the only way in or out.
They decided to plant an orchard of cotton candy.
I like to leave work after my eight-hour tea-break.
Sometimes I stare at a door or a wall and I wonder what is this reality, why am I alive, and what is this all about?
It's always a good idea to seek shelter from the evil gaze of the sun.
Poison ivy grew through the fence they said was impenetrable.
I only enjoy window shopping when the windows are transparent.
Her life in the confines of the house became her new normal.
She was too busy always talking about what she wanted to do to actually do any of it.
The estate agent quickly marked out his territory on the dance floor.
The sun had set and so had his dreams.
He was an introvert that extroverts seemed to love.
She traveled because it cost the same as therapy and was a lot more enjoyable.
I used to live in my neighbor's fishpond, but the aesthetic wasn't to my taste.
After coating myself in vegetable oil I found my success rate skyrocketed.
I’m a living furnace.
He decided to fake his disappearance to avoid jail.
Combines are no longer just for farms.
Charles ate the french fries knowing they would be his last meal.
You're unsure whether or not to trust him, but very thankful that you wore a turtle neck.
He enjoys practicing his ballet in the bathroom.
Every manager should be able to recite at least ten nursery rhymes backward.
The beach was crowded with snow leopards.
The best key lime pie is still up for debate.